Turbot Terraform Provider 1.12.1. Closes #208 (#209)
turbot/terraform-provider-turbot: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.12.1 (May 08, 2025)

BUG FIXES:

> * Fixed an issue where parent updates in `resource_turbot_file` were silently ignored. Parent updates are now handled correctly to ensure changes are properly applied. ([#206](https://github.com/turbot/terraform-provider-turbot/issues/206))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolved an issue where parent updates in `resource_turbot_file` were silently ignored. These updates are now processed correctly to ensure changes are properly applied. ([#206](https://github.com/turbot/terraform-provider-turbot/issues/206))
```
